# Bright-Learn-Coffee-shop
Conducting sales analysis for the  coffee shop
--
This is my first project under Bright learn, this project is for analyzing sales on the Bright Learn coffee shop.
The analysis will be covering the revenue generated by the store for the period of 6 months starting from Jnauary 2023 to June 2023. This information will help the new CEO make a decision. As a Junior Data Analyst, I have done a full-cycle data analysis from raw transactional data to an actionable plan.

My objectives for the project are as follows 

- Revenue Analysis - This is to identify products that bring more money into the shop.
- Identify the most selling products across all different products and store locations
- Find the difference between the highest and lowest selling products, and look at the underperforming products
- Come up with strategic recommendations that will assist the CEO in making decisions going forward.


  Here's the process I followed to achieve the above.
  1. Received the raw data as an Excel file; the file had to be reviewed to help analyze what information we have.
     - After thoroughly analyzing the data provided, I then went on Miro to come up with a flow chart that will be used as a guide to creating my analysis
    
  2. Cleaning data on Databricks, converting commas to numeric numbers
     - created total-amount column
     - Created transactional-time bucket
  3. Visualisation of the cleaned database
     - Using Excel to create pivot tables
     - Using bar graphs and line graphs
     - 
  
